#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 620
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\master ../Policy_Manual.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\begin_local_layout
Format 66

# 1. RENAME "Chapter" to "1. Functional Area"
# Used for "Governance", "Security", etc.
Style Chapter
    LabelString "Part \thechapter"
    TocLevel 0
End

# 2. RENAME "Section" to "1.01 Policy Title"
# This creates the Policy ID and puts it in the TOC.
Style Section
    Category "Policy Structure"
    Margin Dynamic
    LabelType Counter
    LabelCounter section
    LabelString "\thesection"
    TocLevel 1
    Font
      Size Large
      Series Bold
    EndFont
End

# 3. NEW STYLE: "Policy Metadata"
# Used for the "Effective Date | Version" line.
Style "Policy Metadata"
    Category "Policy Structure"
    LatexType Environment
    LatexName policymetadata
    Margin Static
    NextNoIndent 1
    LeftMargin 0cm
    RightMargin 0cm
    ParSkip 0
    ItemSep 0
    TopSep 0
    BottomSep 0
    Font
      Size Small
    EndFont
End

# 4. STANDARDIZE "Subsection*" as "Policy Header"
# Used for "1. Purpose", "2. Scope", etc.
# Unnumbered in TOC, but visually bold.
Style Subsection*
    Category "Policy Structure"
    LabelType Static
    LabelString "Header:"
    Font
      Series Bold
      Size Larger
    EndFont
End

# 5. STANDARDIZE "Subsubsection*" as "Role/Topic"
# Used for "IT Director", "Fiscal Affairs" headers.
Style Subsubsection*
    Category "Policy Structure"
    LabelType Static
    Font
      Series Bold
      Shape Italic
    EndFont
End
\end_local_layout
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding auto
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement class
\float_alignment class
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_formatted_ref 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip halfline
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content true
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section

\lang english
Security Control Assessment and Authorization
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "pol:5.05"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Policy Metadata

\lang english
Effective:
 July 01,
 2026
\begin_inset space \hfill{}
\end_inset

Version:
 1.0
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\lang english
1.
 Purpose
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\lang english
2.
 Scope
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\lang english
3.
 Roles and Responsibilities
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\lang english
4.
 Compliance and Exceptions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\lang english
5.
 References
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\lang english
6.
 Policy Statement
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
