#LyX 2.4 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 620
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\master ../Policy_Manual.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\begin_local_layout
Format 66

# 1. RENAME "Chapter" to "1. Functional Area"
# Used for "Governance", "Security", etc.
Style Chapter
    LabelString "Part \thechapter"
    TocLevel 0
End

# 2. RENAME "Section" to "1.01 Policy Title"
# This creates the Policy ID and puts it in the TOC.
Style Section
    Category "Policy Structure"
    Margin Dynamic
    LabelType Counter
    LabelCounter section
    LabelString "\thesection"
    TocLevel 1
    Font
      Size Large
      Series Bold
    EndFont
End

# 3. NEW STYLE: "Policy Metadata"
# Used for the "Effective Date | Version" line.
Style "Policy Metadata"
    Category "Policy Structure"
    LatexType Environment
    LatexName policymetadata
    Margin Static
    NextNoIndent 1
    LeftMargin 0cm
    RightMargin 0cm
    ParSkip 0
    ItemSep 0
    TopSep 0
    BottomSep 0
    Font
      Size Small
    EndFont
End

# 4. STANDARDIZE "Subsection*" as "Policy Header"
# Used for "1. Purpose", "2. Scope", etc.
# Unnumbered in TOC, but visually bold.
Style Subsection*
    Category "Policy Structure"
    LabelType Static
    LabelString "Header:"
    Font
      Series Bold
      Size Larger
    EndFont
End

# 5. STANDARDIZE "Subsubsection*" as "Role/Topic"
# Used for "IT Director", "Fiscal Affairs" headers.
Style Subsubsection*
    Category "Policy Structure"
    LabelType Static
    Font
      Series Bold
      Shape Italic
    EndFont
End
\end_local_layout
\language american 
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding auto
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement class
\float_alignment class
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize letter
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_formatted_ref 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip halfline
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pagenumbering{roman}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract / Executive Summary
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Elko County Information Operations Policy Manual (maintained as the master 
\shape italic
Policy_Manual.lyx
\shape default
 file) is the 
\series bold
designated Authoritative System of Record for all governance controls
\series default
,
 including the departmental security and service management standards defined herein.
 It establishes the mandatory frameworks required to ensure consistency,
 accountability,
 and compliance with applicable laws,
 regulations,
 and industry standards across the County's technology landscape.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Executive Summary
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The policies contained herein are 
\series bold
administratively mandatory
\series default
 and align the Department’s strategic objectives with statutory requirements and industry control frameworks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*

\series bold
Compliance Alignment & Order of Precedence
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In accordance with 
\series bold
Policy
\series default
 
\series bold

\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "pol:1.04"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset


\series default
,
 the controls in this manual align with the following frameworks,
 listed in order of authority:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS)
\series default
:
 Chapter 239 (Public Records),
 Chapter 205 (Computer Crimes),
 Chapter 603A (Security of Personal Information),
 and other applicable provisions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Nevada Records Management
\series default
:
 Local Government Records Management Program and mandatory retention schedules (including system log retention).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Law Enforcement Compliance
\series default
:
 FBI CJIS Security Policy Version 6.0.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Strategic Risk
\series default
:
 NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) 2.0.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Security Controls
\series default
:
 NIST SP 800-53 Revision 5 (Security and Privacy Controls for Information Systems and Organizations).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Risk Management
\series default
:
 NIST SP 800-37 Revision 2 (Risk Management Framework).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Incident Response
\series default
:
 NIST SP 800-61 Revision 3 (Computer Security Incident Handling Guide).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Workforce
\series default
:
 NIST SP 800-181 Revision 1 (NICE Workforce Framework for Cybersecurity) and SFIA 9.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Governance
\series default
:
 COBIT 2019 (Governance and Management Objectives).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Service Management
\series default
:
 ITIL v4 (Service Value System and Practices).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Authority and Scope
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This manual,
 alongside the procedural library maintained in the System of Engagement (Redmine),
 serves as the primary reference for governance,
 operational decision-making,
 audit defense,
 and interdepartmental service level agreements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Compliance with these policies is 
\series bold
mandatory
\series default
 for:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
All Elko County Information Operations personnel.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
All County employees,
 contractors,
 and vendors who access,
 administer,
 or support County information systems,
 infrastructure,
 or data governed by the Information Operations Department.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Deviations from these policies shall be managed through the formal exception process defined in 
\series bold
Policy 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "pol:1.04"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset


\series default
 (Policy and Documentation Formatting Standards) and 
\series bold
Policy 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "pol:1.08"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"
nolink "false"

\end_inset


\series default
 (Delegation of Authority and Decision Rights).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
